####################################################################
CUCC Committee meeting 31/5/2011
Meeting Minutes

People present:
Nial
Matt
Djuke
Jess
Wookey
David
Stuart
Tony
Olly

Joining by skype:
Aiora
Alex

############################################
                Gear Order
############################################
David says the club has about Â£750 to spend on gear.

Jess pointed out that Inglesport would like the order soon (at least
they wanted to have it with more notice than we gave them last year).

We should try to get this sorted by the Expo training weekend.


ROPE:
Estimated rope needs for Expo are: Gaffered=700m, Tunnocks=500m, KH=200m

The current club rope comes to 967m of which about 60m is to be retired
this year. We expect that UBSS will provide a few hundred meters of rope
for use on Expo.

Jess and Nial requested some 11mm rope for use in Gaffered and Tunnocks.
It was agreed that although people hate using 11mm in this country, it
is useful on Expo.

A decision was made to buy a 200m drum each of 9mm, 10mm and 10.5-11mm.


HANGERS:
The club currently has about 300 hangers. It was pointed out that we
always run out on Expo, so we should buy some more if we can afford it.

Stuart requested that buy a higher proportion of Ring hangers this year
than normal, and suggested that we get 10 each of twists, bends and
rings. 

Also should buy 30 more maillons.

All agreed that these figures could be adjusted based on how much money
we had. Also that much of th money for the order needs to come from
expo. Tony pointed out that Expo should pay for all the tackle sacks
bought since it is Expo that destroys them.


HARNESSES:
The club needs new harnesses since some of the old ones need to be
retired. Also, on novice trips everyone needs a harness.

All agreed that ideally we should have 8 harnesses in the club.
Therefore we need to buy 3 new ones, but not digger harnesses! Petzl is
the way to go.

Alex suggested that we could get away with sling harnesses but was
out-voted. He also pointed out that novices could always share
harnesses, so if we don't have enough money then we could buy less
harnesses this year.


HELMETS:
As with harnesses, club wants 8 helmets. All agreed that we should
therefore buy 4 new ones as a minimum. If money is an issue then we
should cut harnesses from the order rather than helmets.


KARABINERS:
Club has 50 screw gates, and n snap gates (where n<15). Stuart suggested
that the club does not need snap gates at all. Jess points out that the
club does not really need any more karabiners this year.


SLINGS:
Alex pointed out that we really need to sort out age markers for the
slings. All agreed that this was a very good idea and that it was Alex's
job to do this.

It was decided that the club should buy about 10 more slings this year.
Stuart requested that we don't buy black slings and Djuke suggested that
we should buy different colour slings each year (unless coloured ones
are much more expensive).


TACKLESACKS:
Tony felt that it was worth buying *good* quality tackle sacks. It was
agreed that the current quality that the club buys was ok.

At 100m of rope per tacklesack, we agreed that the club should have 15
tacklesacks as a minimum. If there is not enough money, then more will
need to come from Expo.

The old club tacklesacks need to be sent for repair. THIS NEEDS TO BE
DONE AND WOOKEY IS NOT GOING TO DO IT! Apparently this is Serena's job,
but someone needs to poke her about it.

The tacklesack amounts need to be communicated to Andy Chapman since
they are likely to come from sponsorship.

All agreed that we should buy 3 new tacklesacks. Nial was to email Andy
about this, but having just thought about it some more it makes more
sense for Alex to do this.



BOOKS:
Jess requested that the club buys a new Peak guidebook. This was
seconded by Tony who points out that the club should own a copy of all
the relevant guidebooks and rigging guides. It was agreed by all that
the club should buy the Peak book.

DYNAMIC ROPE:
Olly suggested that we stop buying dynamic rope, and just buy cowstails
from Inglesport. All agreed that this was reasonable.

Tony suggested that we might be able to get dynamic rope as sponsorship.

MISC:
Wookey pointed out that we should look into how much the 5 year gear
rotation actually costs, and adjust our meet fees and societies
syndicate application accordingly.

Alex pointed out that other clubs charge much more for gear hire than we
do.

David suggested that we should have a closer look at costs and finances
before we made any decisions on meet fees. All agreed that this was a
good idea.

All agreed that it was Alex's job to implement the gear order. Andy
Chapman should be included in the organisation since he is doing
gear/sponsorship for expo.

David has requested to see the gear order pricing before it gets sent
off.



############################################
          Calendar for next year
############################################

Lots of random discussion and ranting that wasn't minuted properly led
to the following calendar being approved by all:

(Tue 4 Oct:         Full term begins   )
(Tue 4 & Wed 5 Oct: Freshers' Fair )
(Mon 10 Oct:        Freshers' squash   )

*Sat 15 Oct:        1 day meet         Mendip

*Sat 22 Oct:        1 day meet         Peak?

*Fri 28-30 Oct:     weekend meet       SWCC

*Fri 11-13 Nov:     varsity piss-up

*Fri 18-20 Nov:     weekend (but could be shortened to 1 day)	Mendip

*Fri 25-27 Nov:     CHECC

(Fri 2 Dec:         Full term ends     )

A possible extra trip could be happen on the 4th Nov too, if people are
keen.

Wookey requested a president's meet (to be arranged by Aiora) to the
Forest of Dean. This will be after expo and before full term.


############################################
               Annual Dinner
############################################

Nial and Alex opted out of organising the dinner.

Jess volunteered to organise the actual dinner (at Selwyn) but points
out that we will need to get more than 30 people to attend. Also that
Selwyn might not be a good location for a room after the dinner.

Someone else needs to volunteer to organise the rest of the weekend's
activities, but that can be done later.

All agreed that 2nd March is first choice for date, followed by 24th
Feb. Hopefully this will not clash with the RRPC annual dinner.


############################################
             Socials next year
############################################
Again, much ranting that wasn't really minuted. Most people seemd to
vaguely agree that having talks/presentations was a good idea. They are
to be scheduled for alternate weeks from training.

There will be two evenings of talks in Michaelmas term and two in Lent.

Nial suggested advertising the talks to a wider audience that just the
caving club. However, Jess points out that this is not a good idea for
the China talk - so that one will be held in secret :)

The talks are to be organised by Nial and will have the following
topics:

Mulu (Wookey)
France + random pictures (Mark)
China (Jess)
Ice Caves (Nial)
Expo (Nial and Wookey)
Random caves around the world (Someone)


Nial will also look into a Milton brewery tour at some point.

Wookey requested that the meeting should finish.
All agreed.

