
CUCC Committee Meeting 4,  9th November 2010

Persons present:

Jess Stirrups, Serena Povia, Matt Watson, Olaf Kahler, Ben Gibson, Stuart
Bennet, Wookey, Martin Jahnke

Meets plan for next term

We will have 4 meets in the following order:

Mendip (Wessex), Yorkshire (hut to be confirmed), S Wales (CSS), Peaks
(TSG)

The Mendip meet will have the option of a shorter Saturday night-Sunday
trip if there is demand, otherwise will be a full weekend trip.

CHECC

In future, we will include CHECC as a separate event on the meets calendar,
and will avoid running a club trip the same weekend.

Meet fees

Following some discussion at the last meeting, we decided to review the
meet fees at this meeting.  Unfortunately, this wasn’t possible due to lack
of complete accounts, but raw data from meet leaders suggests that the fees
are about right, and we will check this once we have accounts. For now, set
meet fees for Michaelmas term will stay at £25 for a Saturday-Sunday trip
and £35 for a Friday-Sunday trip.

Gear Rental

It was decided that from New Year onwards, gear rental will be charge
separately from the rest of the meet fees – Serena Povia has agreed to look
up the split costs for each bit of kit. The charges will be reviewed when
we have access to completed accounts.

Christmas dinner

Matt has agreed to organise a Christmas dinner, probably at a curry house
in the last week of term, providing people book in advance and pay a
deposit.

Annual Dinner

Matt has volunteered to organise the annual dinner at Newnham, as at first
glance this seems considerably less expensive than Trinity.  This will take
place sometime in the second half of Lent term.

Training next term

It was agreed we would need training next term, to be booked in the first
week of next term by Martin Jahnke.

Easter

Matt agreed to organise a 2 week trip to somewhere in France at Easter –
possibilities suggested were the Ardeche, Chartreuse, Alpes Maritimes.

Expo

As yet, we do not have an expo leader for this year.  Need to find a
willing volunteer...

Accounts

Ollie is sorting the accounts, though they are not yet complete.  Need to
be completed by the end of December, preferably well before then.  It was
suggested that getting hold of old bank statements would be a help for
checking them.

Call outs

Following the lengthy online discussion, the committee decided on a set of
guide lines to setting call outs to be put on the wiki (these are attached
to the email). Hopefully this will clear up any confusion.



